# <measure>:<module>:<description>
dist_bag:dist_bag:Bag distance
dist_compression:dist_compression:Normalized compression distance (NCD)
dist_damerau:dist_damerau:Damerau-Levenshtein distance
dist_hamming:dist_hamming:Hamming distance
dist_jaro:dist_jarowinkler:Jaro distance 
dist_jarowinkler:dist_jarowinkler:Jaro-Winkler distance 
dist_kernel:dist_kernel:Kernel-based distance
dist_lee:dist_lee:Lee distance
dist_levenshtein:dist_levenshtein:Levenshtein distance
kern_distance:kern_distance:Distance substitution kernel (DSK)
kern_subsequence:kern_subsequence:Subsequence kernel (SSK)
kern_spectrum:kern_spectrum:Spectrum kernel
kern_wdegree:kern_wdegree:Weighted-degree kernel (WDK)
sim_braun:sim_coefficient:Braun-Blanquet coefficient 
sim_dice:sim_coefficient:Soerencen-Dice coefficient
sim_jaccard:sim_coefficient:Jaccard coefficient
sim_kulczynski:sim_coefficient:second Kulczynski coefficient
sim_otsuka:sim_coefficient:Otsuka coefficient
sim_simpson:sim_coefficient:Simpson coefficient
sim_sokal:sim_coefficient:Sokal-Sneath coefficient
